That body is not that of the Crown Prince.
If the Crown Prince is
alive, kill him for certain.
You must bring me his head.
That must have been the Crown Prince.
Where did the guard roll down?
Not even the palace guards
were able to track him down.
We should head into the village then.
What is the problem?
He is coming this way.
That is Ma Chil. He looks nice,
but he is so cruel.
He often beats up people
regardless of gender.
You must be careful about him too.
If you run into him, make
sure you run away, okay?
I am feeling very uncomfortable.
It... It is because it is cramped.
Hang on a little.
It is not because of that.
Then why?
What is making you uncomfortable?
I think my memory has returned.
What does his memory being
restored mean for me?
Will he find out...
that I have been lying to him?
You said my body would remember
even if my head does not.
I think my body remembers you.
Stay here for a second.
Why? Where are you going?
Is it good?
Why would you take that from a young child?
My goodness, that punk!
I can pay.
You should pay today. I am not
letting you run a tab today.
I have money for this.
Do you have a vacancy?
One just became available. This way.
If someone came across the corpse,
he would be under the name John Doe.
Ask the morgue worker at
the magistrate's office.
We must find the body and
bring it to Vice-Premier.
Even if he survived the fall,
he would not have been able to move.
Meet physicians and ask
them about recent patients.
- Yes, master. - Yes, master.
There are 22 villages near Mount Chunwoo.
We must hurry.
Won Deuk, there you are.
I was impressed by your words
at the magistrate's office.
Instead of being painted a fool,
you would take on the responsibility
of paying back your debt.
You threatened to sell Hong Shim off.
It must be a nightmare
to think of your debt.
I know what you are going through.
This is between you and me,
but Hong Shim is worth at least 50 yang.
Pay off your debt with it
and we will share the rest.
What do you say?
You are annoying me.
Loan sharks are supposed to be annoying.
You are supposed to be uncomfortable.
Still, since you are quite likable,
I will do you a favor and
sell her off as a concubine,
not a slave.
What is up with your cold eyes?
I am going to be a bit upset too.
Drop your eyes.
I heard you lost your memory.
I guess you lost your fear along with it.
Drop your darn eyes.
Look at you.
You must be confident in fighting.
I have no memory of fighting with someone.
I have no memory of it either...
because I always beat
people up unilaterally.
I will drop my eyes if
that is what you want.
- Will this much enough?
- Are you kidding me?
I am not kidding.
Why is he not coming?
Is he getting beaten up by Ma Chil?
Come look around.
Welcome. Take a look.
Seok Ha?
I am Yoon Yi Suh.
I think you are mistaken.
Hey.
I am right.
It is you.
You are still horrible at swordsmanship.
How...
could you do this?
You are alive like this,
so how could you...
I thought you were dead.
I thought you would never come to see me...
unless you were dead.
Do not tell me you forgot.
We promised to meet at Mojeong
Bridge if we parted ways.
Did you forget about it?
Why did you do it?
Why in the world?
Tell me something.
Tell me your excuses.
You know how much I missed you?
I missed you too.
Seok Ha, what is...
I have to go.
No... No way.
There is something I must resolve.
I will go find you once it is over.
No, do not go. I will never let you go.
We are not supposed to exist in this world.
So we must not see each other either.
We can live in hiding
so no one can find us.
This is the last.
Once I get this done, I can leave with you.
Wait a little more.
It will not take long.
It is the house on Gomdallae Road
with a cherry tree in its yard.
You have to keep your promise this time.
What are you staring at?
It is nothing.
I told you to wait.
Do not tell me you had gukbap alone.
Did you cry?
The gukbap place is not that way.
It is just a bowl of it, not two.
Are you not going to buy me even that?
That would be so cheap of you.
Go eat it alone.
Are you giving me all this money?
Then I will have gukbap
and meat pancakes too.
- I will have yellow corvina too.
- Suit yourself.
It is uncomfortable to eat alone.
You said you would share a bowl with me.
Your Highness...
Who is it? Come here.
How are you alive?
I thought you went to the rain
ritual with the Crown Prince.
I got rashes all over my
body, so he left without me,
saying it was unclean and uncomfortable.
There is no way the Crown
Prince has passed away.
It is not true, is it?
It is a dream, right?
I am still in my dream, am I not?
It is not a dream, right?
Your Highness...
Your Highness.
What is written here?
You know what it is about?
What is the meaning of that Chinese letter?
It indicates the death of the Crown Prince.
What?
How did he end up dying
at such a young age?
He must have been darned.
His father killed so many people...
just to become a king.
Oh, no.
- Gosh. - How poor.
- The Crown Prince... - What happened?
Hong Shim, what should we do?
The Crown Prince passed away.
What?
Who died?
The Crown Prince. He is such a jerk.
He was going to pass away this early,
then why did he order us to get married?
Is the news of his death that shocking?
We have ruined the body so that
others cannot recognize its shape,
but are you sure we will not get caught?
What if someone recognizes it is not him?
We just need to pass through
the shrouding process.
No one will get to see the sight
of the Crown Prince ever again...
because he will be stuck...
in a casket forever.
Eunuch Yang, please check
through His Highness' body.
How is he still alive?
Your Highness.
- Your Highness. - Your Highness.
I feel so sorry for the Crown Prince.
Is it not enough that you suffered under...
the nasty punk for 10 years?
Get over it now.
Do not say that!
He complained every day,
but he was very thoughtful.
He lost his mother the day
his father became king...
and yearned for a girl.
He hurt inside and that made
him have a bit nasty temper.
Your Highness.
If you were to die so early,
why did you read so much?
Your Highness.
You must look decent for the rain ritual.
Are you saying I do not look decent now?
I apologize. Are you okay?
Would I be?
Your face makes me uncomfortable.
Fingernails.
What? Fingernails?
Yes, his fingernails. Something is off.
I am sure that I...
Arrest him this instant.
- Yes, my lord. - Yes, my lord.
What is this about? Why are you doing this?
You kept going out to work for money.
Just look at you now.
Sit up.
Chew on this to get the fever down.
Go on.
What is wrong with you?
Did Won Deuk get into trouble
again at the marketplace?
I should just...
I met my brother.
In the marketplace. I saw my brother.
Is that not a good thing?
Why are you sick in bed?
He left. We did not have time to talk.
What punk would do that?
You missed him for over 10 years.
Did he disappear again?
He must sort something out.
He said he will come for
me when that is over.
If that is the case, can you not go...
and stay with me instead?
What if we are found out?
No, you will fall into danger too.
What about Won Deuk then?
It was a sham marriage just to
obey the Crown Prince's order.
And he is dead anyway.
What are they talking about?
Say something. Make an excuse at least.
Who was...
that man?
What is it? Is Hong Shim
giving you a hard time?
Did she kick you out? Throw you out?
I have a question.
A question?
It must be something very urgent.
Why would you be here in
the middle of the night...
You could have a question.
You could be curious.
Can you not get your body
to do what you want?
Go into detail. Which
part is worrying you how?
- Hong Shim. - Yes, what about her?
Was she with another man while
I was serving our country?
That could not be.
To be honest, quite a few men...
showed an interest in her. But...
she did not fall for any of them.
Try as they might, she did not.
I have never even seen her smile at a man.
My wife Kkeut Nyeo says...
she never heard that
Hong Shim dated someone.
She did not even know that
you two were betrothed.
You two seem to have dated for years,
but we knew nothing.
If you did not know about me,
then you might know of
her other boyfriends.
You have a point.
There is nothing to worry about.
The men in her past have nothing over her.
A man is about power and
you have it all now.
Now you are Hong Shim's
husband and she is your wife.
I have no idea what you are saying.
What I am saying is,
you should gain some points tonight.
So she will not get distracted.
Look at Kkeut Nyeo. She
is never distracted.
I am a man.
The first thing to do is...
Why are you zoning out?
I never go out at night
to have enough sleep.
Why would I zone out?
What did the Crown Prince's
sealed letter say?
It was a riddle.
A riddle?
You look disappointed, which means
you were unable to solve it.
I could have but I did not.
Why not? It was from the Crown Prince.
Why bother solving it when he is dead?
Even if I solved it, he could not
say if I were right or wrong.
Even if I were right, he
could not promote me.
Where is the Je Yoon I know?
The Je Yoon who does things that
others say you should not care for?
There is no point in doing that.
I have decided to stop
going out of my way...
to do things I do not need to.
Sure. It is your life and your choice.
I cannot force you.
What is wrong with your foot?
The new socks my mother
made for me are small.
My heel is scraped.
Your heel?
So what about it? I will not bother.
- Go. - Weirdo.
Who knows the Crown Prince the best?
You gave up on the riddle.
I realized that there is
no reason to give up.
Eunuch Yang, right?
Is he alive?
I cannot guarantee he is.
Why can you not guarantee that?
It is said your wish will come true...
if the lantern reaches the sea safely,
so I floated it on the water for you.
I prayed for you...
to meet your brother again.
Thanks to you, I was able to meet him.
That expression is for when
you yearn for someone.
Her movements...
also indicate that she is
desperately waiting for someone.
If you see Hong Shim,
just walk towards her.
Keep on walking.
What is important is your gaze.
"I am on fire tonight."
That must be the gaze you hold.
I do not want to.
This is not for my sake.
I am trying to help you.
I see that you do not need it.
Your normal gaze...
will do the trick.
- Your gaze... - What was I expecting?
No, wait!
It is time for the good stuff.
Where were you wandering about at night?
Pick a bouquet of pretty
flowers on your way.
In my experience, all women love flowers.
Hand it to her nonchalantly...
and deliver the line to seal the deal.
I picked it on my way home
since they reminded me of you.
They reminded you of me?
These flowers that stink of dog pee?
Dog...
- What? - Maybe it is because of its scent,
but all dogs in the village pee on them.
That is why nobody touches them.
Do not pick flowers from now on.
Wherever they are,
they are most beautiful where they grow.
Head inside and go to bed.
I am going for some fresh air.
I would rather you do not.
What are you doing?
You...
did not meet my gaze.
- What was that for?
- I could ask you the same thing!
Your lips were only inches away.
Why stop in your tracks?
I did not wish to kiss her.
It was to confirm a theory.
I read her gaze.
Goodness.
I thought it was only letters,
but you read gazes too?
Won Deuk, please do not be like this.
Get your act together.
Think about what you have done so far.
All you brought her is debt.
If you were in her shoes,
would you find yourself a reliable husband?
Goodness.
Who am I to blame you though?
I am the one who dragged
you here to marry her.
Time is ticking.
Head inside and transcribe more books.
Paying off your debt will
restore your dignity.
Hurry. Go on.
Won Deuk, are you home?
Please let me see His Majesty!
I have something urgent to tell him!
Please let His Majesty know.
Eunuch Yang is causing a
commotion and demanding
an audience with you.
Here.
You want Won Deuk to read this to you?
Yes.
I saw at the party that he can read.
No can do. He is busy.
He has no time for this, so hurry home.
- Come on. - I can read them for you,
but not for free.
2 pun for documents and 5 pun for books.
Yes, of course. It cannot be for free.
We do not have any money though.
We do not.
Then find someone else
to read them for you.
I have work to do.
You do not.
Do not bother with your urgent business...
and read the books for them for free.
You said we needed to earn money.
Look at them.
I wish to make up for my
mistake as soon as possible.
It is for my sake...
and for yours.
I will not let you especially
if it is for my sake.
A man should...
not exploit the poor.
Hong Shim.
We desperately need the
money to pay off the debt.
The late hours must have
clouded my judgement.
One's knowledge is to be shared.
A great man...
should share the knowledge
he has with others.
Is it for free then?
Thank you, Won Deuk.
- Thank you so much. - Thank you.
Vice-Premier, there must
be a misunderstanding.
You must find it suspicious
that I stayed behind,
but the Crown Prince ordered me not to.
There are witnesses, my lord.
Please believe me.
Do you wish to live?
Yes, I do. Please spare my life.
Are you willing to do anything that...
I order you to do?
Of course. I am at your disposal.
During your trial,
no matter what I ask,
your answer will be this.
The...
Queen.
Yes, Vice-Premier. No matter what you ask,
that will be my answer to every question.
By the way, what is it that you urgently...
wished to tell His Majesty?
Well...
The body at the funeral parlor...
I do not believe it is the Crown Prince.
How dare you speak such nonsense!
- I checked the body myself.
- His fingernails.
Before he left for the rain ritual,
I trimmed his nails personally.
This I remember clearly.
I made a mistake on his ring finger,
but the corpse's was too neat.
If the body is not the Crown Prince,
then he might still...
be alive.
Yes, that is correct.
Who else...
have you told this?
No one, my lord.
I still do not know who
attacked the Crown Prince,
so I have kept quiet.
I am proud of you.
If I had not come to see you,
I would have been in big trouble.
Does this mean you will set me free?
My lord?
Should I inform that you are here...
Leave us alone.
Why do you look so upset?
Everything has been settled.
On the day when I stabbed...
the heart of the late former
king, who was also my friend,
I promised myself...
that I would never kill
anyone with my hands.
But all my determination went in vain...
just because of you.
I lived like pigs and dogs. My life
was no different from a butcher.
I realized this position, my
world, by shedding tears of blood.
But I am about to lose it because of you.
Who is...
the baby's father?
Do you think I have let him live?
I have the same blood with
yours running in my body.
No, you could not kill him.
No man has died recently
among those I know.
There is no way that you have become
pregnant with a mere peasant's son.
I spilled this water,
so I shall deal with it on my own.
Give me some time.
I will give you four days.
If I do not hear any news of
the death of a nobleman...
within those days,
I shall make a move myself.
You do not seem so busy with your
work in Office of Trial Processes.
Your job is to frame the
Queen and Prince Seowon.
I will do my job,
so you should do yours.
You better bring me...
evidence of that man's death.
I shall do it.
Tell her to clear out her
residence in several days.
She should not leave any single court lady.
Yes, lord.
So are you saying you came back
even without getting in there?
My apology.
We must find it before the trial.
But...
the Crown Princess does not
step outside her residence.
I shall call her out.
I will make her empty her
residence, so find it out.
If you cannot get anything this
time, we will all be dead.
Both me and Prince Seowon.
No.
Before then,
you will be dead by my hands first.
Did she try to curse the
Crown Princess too?
- That is... - Do not inform her I am here.
I do not think I can face her right now.
I am the bailiff of Capital District
Office. I came to see Eunuch Yang.
You are too late.
This is a slave contract.
You signed a contract to be a slave...
in exchange for what you have borrowed.
If you do not repay it by tomorrow,
you will be sold as a slave.
Goodness gracious.
How am I supposed to
repay my debt in a day?
You are lucky.
Give this to the creditor for now.
Fortunately, it does not say you
have to repay your debt all at once.
So give that to them and buy some time.
Gosh, thank you. Thank
you so much, Won Deuk.
Pack your stuff once you get home.
Demand the payment for your year's labor,
and move out of the house with that money.
- What? - A few years ago,
your son sacrificed his
life to save your owner.
- Yes. - The court took highly of it...
and ordered your master to free you.
That is what this document is about.
Are you serious?
You should have been freed a year ago,
but your master fooled you.
So make sure you get paid
for your labor for a year.
My goodness. I am not supposed
to be a slave anymore?
Thank you, Won Deuk.
How dare you? I have not
permitted you to hold my hand.
Who said Won Deuk was useless?
He is not useless at all.
He is handsome and good at reading too.
No one can be compared to him.
Right.
- She is right. - Goodness.
- Thank you. - He is brilliant.
He is amazing.
You already held my hand,
so what can I do about it?
I want you to repair this.
Repair this?
What is this for?
What are you doing?
I told you to repair it,
not turn it into a wreck.
No, my finger did not even touch.
- Why... - Gosh, forget it.
I can repair this in a second.
You should go keep on bragging.
Bragging?
Sorry. I take it back.
You are smiling.
So what?
You look pretty with
that smile on your face.
What are you doing?
What are you all doing here?
Go home and grab your gear.
We have to go climb Mount Chunwoo.
- Hurry. - What?
We have been ordered to offer sable fur.
We only have four days, so hurry up.
It has been more than five years...
since sables disappeared in Mount Chunwoo.
How can we offer sable fur
when there is not any sable?
This is not for me.
Am I the only one who is
uncomfortable right now?
This is so foolish.
You are telling us to catch
sables when there is not any?
Should you not ask them...
if we could offer something else
from Mount Chunwoo instead?
What then? Do you think
they will permit it?
The king collects salt from a
village on the other side.
It is not located on a seashore,
but he still asks for salt.
He does not care about his subjects at all.
- He is incompetent and greedy...
- He is not such a person.
He is...
His Majesty is...
He is what?
You know the king?
Others might think you
and the king are close.
Why do you not tell him to come
down here and catch sables?
What are you waiting for? Hurry up.
Hurry.
I am dying here too. Hurry.
What should I take?
Stay here. You will not be of help anyway.
What do you mean? You
saw what I did earlier.
People lined up to get some of my help.
There is something you should do at home.
If someone comes to see me while I am away,
tell him that I will be back soon
and make sure he stays here.
Is it a man?
Yes.
Tell me what he looks like.
Whether he is ugly or handsome.
His age too.
You do not need to know
those kinds of stuff.
Just tell him to wait because
I will be back soon.
Do not wander around outside
and stay home, okay?
Come tomorrow if you are not
here for an urgent matter.
I have lost my acupuncture
needles, so I cannot treat you.
I am here to check something.
Have you treated someone
shot by an arrow in a month?
Is it because I am getting old?
I cannot remember.
Even if I do, I cannot tell you.
Goodbye.
Do you still not remember?
What did you say you wished to know?
She did not feel lust even for her husband,
but she felt for her family's slave?
Who is the man that will come to see her?
What is their relationship...
that she would ask me,
her husband, to stop him?
Is that him at last?
- You are... - Meok Goo.
It could not be you.
The man was very tall.
All the normal men went to the mountain.
You must be really slow
if they left you behind.
How dare you? You are much younger than me.
Eat this.
Hong Shim asked me to bring you some food.
Rice wrapped in a lotus leaf?
It smells good.
This feels so very familiar.
I will know when I taste it.
Meok Goo, did Hong Shim really
ask you to do this for me?
Who are you?
Why are we doing this in
the middle of the night?
Even the fire is acting up.
Should we plead...
as Won Deuk said?
Ask if we can offer something
else since we have no sable fur?
No way. We will just get punished.
Right.
Are we all jinxed?
Why is there not even a hare?
Is it because of the wolves?
Did they all run away?
I should get back to town.
I have paperwork to finish.
Is it this way?
Bok Eun, that stupid officer...
I will go and bring him back.
Do not dare.
Can we not go home as well?
I am so scared that my heart is pounding.
My goodness.
If you want to go home,
do not just sit there and get moving.
We must find something at least.
I cannot afford to be
up here for three days.
Let us check the traps...
and dig up some kudzu.
Come on.
- Let us do that. - Okay then.
Yesterday, Master Choi's
servant ran away from home.
Won Deuk has been reading for them...
and the whole town is in an uproar.
Oh dear me.
We cannot let him be.
What can we do?
It is true that we fooled...
the illiterate peasants.
What is so bad about
deceiving the lowly folk?
That is true.
But...
- Magistrate. - What is it?
Do you have the sable fur?
It looks like we have but we have not,
which is hard to tell...
Here you go.
30 coats of sable for our town's tributary.
Does this look like sable fur to you?
It looks like wild ginseng.
You can trade wild ginseng
with sable fur in Hanyang.
If you bargain well, you can get 32 coats.
Please get a good deal.
I told you to bring sable fur.
Did I ask for wild ginseng?
Sable disappeared from Mount
Chunwoo over five years ago.
You must be aware of that.
Taking herbs all the way
to Hanyang to trade it...
with sable fur that we
cannot get ourselves here...
is just irrational.
Please write a petition to the government.
Shut your mouth!
Calm down.
Stop.
You served in court yourself, master Park.
I beg of you.
We will provide everything we can and must.
If it were something we can
find in Mount Chunwoo,
it would lessen our burden.
Please try to understand.
Very well. I will think about it.
Thank you.
You will think about it?
We need sable fur.
It could become a problem
if word were to get out.
We should deal with this quietly.
What will you do?
It is not rare for lowly peasants...
to suffer untimely deaths.
Won Deuk.
Where did you go? I told
you to stay at home.
I thought the backyard was home too.
Is it not?
Did anyone come by while I was out?
Yes. Someone young, handsome...
and very tall.
- Where is he? - He left.
Without a word.
So what?
You let him go? You did not stop him?
He disappeared with a blink of an eye.
Three very tall men did
come by a few days ago.
I did not see them since.
Did they say where they were headed?
I do not know.
I think they mentioned Mount Chunwoo.
Why you...
Sorry. I am in a hurry.
We should make it clear.
I did not do anything.
You bumped into me.
Go on, hurry on your way.
You are in a rush.
Why are you acting so out of character?
Because of Won Deuk.
Won Deuk?
- You should be severely punished. - What?
You got my hand print on a blank paper...
and forged the contract.
Loan-sharking is forbidden.
A 50-percent interest rate...
on top of fraud?
According to the Ming Criminal Code,
you should be beaten 80 times.
What are you talking about?
I could report you to the magistrate,
but I will not.
I have a condition.
Never say again that you
will sell Hong Shim.
Also, you must not to
threaten or blackmail her.
If you do not accept those conditions,
I will not pay you back.
Are you threatening me?
No, I am asking for a favor.
From one man to another.
"A favor"?
"From one man to another"?
Won Deuk said that to you?
The dumb troublemaker turned
out to be a devoting husband.
He is truly worried about your safety.
Anyway, see you.
Are you drunk?
Yes.
I drank a whole jar.
A whole jar?
Alcohol must be prohibited
since the Crown Prince died.
What if you get arrested for drinking?
That is why I drank in the first place.
The alcohol would have gone to waste.
This is all because of you.
I asked you...
to make whoever comes by stay.
- Still you... - How brazen of you.
- What? - The man you are waiting for...
did not show up.
Only a beggar came by the house
to ask me to read a book.
Are you insane? Why did you lie to me?
- Why did you...
- It was to confirm a theory.
You fell in love with another man
while I served in the military.
So you must not have wanted...
to marry me.
However, the Crown Prince
ordered all singles to marry.
I do not know why,
but instead of the other man,
you forced yourself into
a marriage with me.
The other man returned and
stirred up your heart.
That pain is what led you to drink tonight.
He is my brother.
10 years ago, I lost touch with him...
and have not known whether
he is alive or not.
We recently ran into each other.
He said he had unfinished business...
and promised to come back
when he sorts that out.
That is who I have been waiting.
You have no idea...
how much it hurts to desperately wish...
to meet someone again.
Yes,
I do know.
I think that I have...
been waiting for someone my whole life too.
Nonsense.
You have no memories.
Did you just laugh?
How could you when I am heartbroken?
This is all good.
You now know that your brother is alive,
and I know that you are not waiting...
for the man you love.
I shall permit you to hold my hand.
You seem like you need the support.
I said you can take it.
I gave you permission!
Why are you alone? Where
is the Crown Princess?
She secretly left the palace...
to see her father at his residence.
Good.
So Ri, go to her chamber and
search for the talisman.
You must retrieve it. Do you understand?
Yes, Your Highness.
I wonder why the Crown Princess
left the palace at such a time?
The Crown Prince always
used to stop at this point.
It is where his steps grew heavy.
Eunuch Yang would know more about it.
Is there a reason why he would stop here?
There used to be a cherry tree.
He planted it himself on the
day he became Crown Prince.
Every year, when cherry blossoms bloomed,
he would stop in his tracks...
and gazed at it for some time.
His gaze was truly sad.
Why is it not here anymore?
I heard that the Crown
Princess had it cut down.
Bring me the keys.
My gosh!
- You are not supposed to be here.
- Then why are you here?
Search every corner of the chamber.
- Yes, lady. - Yes, lady.
- I found them. - Arrest them right away.
It feels like...
I am to blame for your death.
I should not have sent you there.
At that time,
Your Majesty.
Office of Trial Processes...
has arrested people who are suspected
to be behind the incident.
- Who are they? - I think...
they are related to the Queen.
What?
Can you come teach me how
to make straw ropes?
This straw does not listen to me at all.
You are good at using your brain,
but how can you be this
bad at physical labor?
I just cannot twist it into
a rope, so what can I do?
Look.
It will not work.
This is not hard at all.
Try it again.
Here. Spread your palms.
Spin the straw like this.
Do not put too much of your strength.
Do it softly.
Like this.
Just do it.
Then you will get the hang of it.
I did not know you had a brother.
How did you happen to part ways with him?
Literally speaking, it just happened.
Where is the pouch of coins?
I do not know.
I must have left it somewhere in the room.
Give it to me.
Give it to me already.
What are you doing?
I bought a book.
You will be surprised to see it too.
Right, I am surprised.
How can you cause trouble every single day?
Where is it? Return it right now.
No. I cannot do that.
Excuse me.
I heard this is the Solution Agency...
where you resolve every problem.
Can I make a request?
Of course, you can.
But our popularity is
getting higher day by day.
I will pay as much as you want.
Gosh.
What is taking so long?
Are you not done yet?
I am done now.
Did you really accept it?
- Yes. - You took her request...
for me to be her lover?
Yes, she offered 20 yang.
You sold off your husband
for the mere 20 yang?
What do you mean, the mere 20 yang?
I can afford a thatched
house with that much money.
I cannot believe my ransom
is worth a thatched house.
She might try not to pay us
if you go out of her favor.
So do it hard.
Do what hard?
Do everything that she asks for.
You mean it?
Of course, I mean it.
You...
really want me to go?
Yes.
Okay.
I will do hard in playing her lover.
Gosh, what is taking you so long?
Oh my goodness. Look at his face.
He is all ready.
My goodness.
You look so decent, dressed up like that.
Let us go together now.
She will not want him...
to act like her lover
until night, will she?
No way. It cannot be.
Gosh.
Should I have not sent him?
No, it is worth 20 yang.
I should not be doing this.
I must find the book...
which he bought for nothing.
I wonder where he hid it.
It feels like I am really with my lover.
And my heart flutters.
How dare you?
I am a married man.
I already paid 20 yang,
so you should do the money's worth.
Look. He is coming.
Gosh.
He paid money...
to buy this book?
Smash them all.
- What... - Smash them.
Do it.
Find it now.
Find it.
Why are you doing this?
What is wrong with you?
Did you not know this land
belongs to the Park family?
Why would you build a house and
live in someone else's land?
It was built 30 years ago.
Why are you making it an
issue all of a sudden?
Where is the house of the
Yeons in this village?
There.
Let us go. Take her.
Goodness.
Hey.
Tell Won Deuk about this, okay?
You have met that man,
so you wish to break up with me now?
You are the one who cheated on me first.
It is wrong for a man to
cheat on his betrothed.
I will comfort your broken heart.
Forget about him.
I have forgotten about him already.
He will cause you as many
problems as he is handsome.
I will see how long you two last.
You must keep up the act. He
might turn around to look.
Won Deuk.
We have a serious problem.
Hong Shim. She was dragged off.
What do you mean?
You know that mountain path
at the foot of Mount Chunwoo?
They want to see you there.
Hurry.
Watch out.
He can ride a horse too?
How?
He is on horseback.
He is here.
It is you, Won Deuk. I almost
did not recognize you.
Won Deuk, get out of here.
You wench. Shut your mouth.
Who on earth is Won Deuk?
The Vice-Premier killed the Crown Prince?
Why did you press down?
You are exaggerating.
I do not wish to regain my memory.
I want to stay with you.
- Get him! - Get him!
Do not go. Stay here with me.
I will be here forever. Do not worry.
I will not leave you alone.
I am your husband.